---
date: 2017-03-29 6pm
---
This week’s meeting covers the handover from the 2016/17 committee to the 2017/18 committee, chaired by the new President.

**Present**

Qais Patankar, Angus Shaw, Elena Lapinskaitė, Simon Vahr, Viktorija Lukošiūtė, Aw Young Qingzhuo, Joshua Green, Harry Reeder, Craig Snowden

**Committee Handover**

- Introductions
- Explanations of old committee roles (President, Vice-President, Secretary) to new committee
- Should members get two votes if they have both a CompSoc and EUSA position?
- Should Informatics year reps get votes, considering they outnumber the committee?
- Important contacts:
	- Suzanne Perry
	- Neil Heatley
	- Heather Walker: closer to Hoppers
	- Hack the Burgh contacts: updated in April
- Transfer of mailing, finance accounts etc
- Clarification of HackSec duties and discussion of future candidate suitability
- TechSecs to bring each other up to speed in their own time

**Upcoming**

- Catering for/entertaining the ≈80 Dutch students
	- Last time we took them to Arthur’s Seat then the pub
	- Collaboration with other societies within/outside the university

**Agenda**

- Tech companies in Edinburgh and potential for sponsorship/talks
- STMU talks
	- Need to be informative, not recruitment pitches
	- Companies typically secretive about content
	- Suggestion for greater variety
	- October/November is sponsor season
	- Important to enforce time limit
	- Essential for pizza, which is a key part of STMUs

- What is being a CompSoc member worth, and why should people sponsor us?
	- Ability to run or vote for committee positions
	- £4 is relatively insignificant. Could it just be free?
	- MathSoc charge for events - society cards give discounts on entry and drinks

- Socials
	- Both drinking & non-drinking recommended
		- Evening of Games
		- Easier in Appleton Tower. Forrest Hill has just classrooms, Appleton Tower has open areas.
		- Plenty of walls to project to

- How to draw in non-Informatics students
	- Everything is advertised publicly yet there is little engagement with non-Informatics students
	- Posters - perhaps useful
	- Potentially using entire Informatics mailing list for some emails - careful not to spam too much though
- CompSoc Facebook presence
	- Should the group be made public?
		- Make the group modded/have each post need admin approval? Will this discourage discussion?
	- Different uses of page and group (some are more professional, others more communal)
	- Making CompSoc Offers more visible: shoutouts (STMUs), put at the bottom of newsletter
