---
date: 2017-04-25 7pm
---
The first official meeting held for the 2017-18 committee.

**Present**

Qais Patankar, Elena Lapinskaitė, Joe, Cameron Sharp, Harry Reeder, Craig Snowden, Angus Shaw

**General Agenda**

- Making the “CompSoc Members” Facebook group public
  - Currently a closed group - no tagging/interaction with those outside the group
  - Fast joining - multiple admins approve new additions quickly
  - Public group means anyone can post which will give greater exposure
  - It’s already easy to join and post, there is very little screening except turning down obviously fake accounts
  - Closed is easier to protect privacy of post-event photos
  - Voted all in favour of keeping the group closed
  - Issue closed

- Events for older students
  - Most events and advertising geared towards first and second years
  - Contact other groups and ask for ideas - EdIntelligence, for example

- Sponsorship decks
  - Need a new one to replace the one from 2015-2016
  - Possibility of more informally contacting non-tech companies - e.g. La Favorita or other pizza companies and requesting discounts in exchange for displaying their logos
  - Probably best saved for a specific meeting

- Block Bookings
  - We won’t need to use this as we don’t plan regular use of EUSA venues

- [SlyRC](https://github.com/hreeder/slyrc)
  - TechSec working on it - crossover between IRC and Slack

- Ambiguities in the constitution
  - Constitution is open to all
  - Anyone can request changes on Github
  - We can address these at the EGM in September/October where the 1st year rep is elected

- CompSoc merchandise
  - Hoodies/t-shirts?
    - Expensive
    - Especially since most people don’t even pay for membership
    - Possibly give tshirts out for free with membership (good draw for signing up at freshers week stall)
  - Committee hoodies/tshirts
    - General “Committee” printings on hoodies
    - Useful for events, especially fresher’s week
  - New Flag
    - Asked previous committee how the old flag was obtained
  - Framing old flag
    - Or just the logo if we cut it out
    - Where would we put it?
    - Framed in Appleton Tower
  - Stickers
    - Good to have at the start of the year
  - New logo
    - Bring back old logos?
    - ‘100 Years of Turing/Geek Pride’ a possibility (but updated)
    - Cat with sunglasses logo (doesn’t really embody CompSoc though)
    - Possibly bringing back Appleton Tower AT-AT given we’ll be moving back there
  - Card
    - Updated with new logo
    - Possibly bringing back Appleton Tower AT-AT given we’ll be moving back theree
    - Possibly upgrading design of card, although this can get expensive

**Fresher's Week**

- Scavenger Hunt
  - First (and last) one done in 2015
  - Good daytime event for meeting people
  - Requires only minimal preparation

- Pub crawl
  - Tradition, easy to organise
  - Probably no need to contact pubs in advance to let them know of our coming

- Night of Games
  - Will need a fair amount of equipment
  - We have some older equipment (e.g. Xbox 360) already
  - Individual members needed to bring most of the equipment
  - Possibly request some equipment from members
  - Vice-President met with Neil Heatley and asked him about booking Appleton Tower, will probably be okay but dependent on the contractor - unlikely possibility of it not being ready
  - Old photos at tbrb.imgur.com
  - Collaboration with GameSoc - their secretary has asked us to contact her
 
- Activities Fair
  - Need a few people to informally hang around the stall
  - Have membership cards ready for the day - allow cards 
  - Have (cheap) tshirts ready, with printing, if possible
  - Possibly give tshirts out for free with membership (good draw for freshers)

**Potential Future Events**

- CompSoc Trip(s)
  - Poll was done back in January - winners were Centre for Computing History (Cambridge) & Natural History/Science Museum (London)
  - Would be easier and cheaper to go somewhere closer to home e.g. Glasgow Science Museum
  - Should it be open to freshers and advertised in fresher’s week, or planned/signups taken now from existing members and then done earlier in the year?
  - Would be good to get help of SocialSec or any related SIGs
  - TripSig suggested by Joe

- Laserquest
  - Has been done before, through Eventbrite
  - Low quality equipment is to be expected

- Bowling
  - Last time, RSVPs were taken in advance but not many of them showed up
  - Money was taken on the day/afterwards

- BBQ
  - Is legal in meadows (although encouraged to use designated spots)
  - Having people bring their own food is the best plan

- PreHack 2017
  - Needs its own meeting - this is the biggest item on the event list

- Other hackathons
  - Last year we went to StudentHack V and StacsHack, amongst others. These have varying levels of organisation.

- InfBall & Christmas Dinner
  - SocialSec is working on this currently
  - Good to merge these into one event, given we have little experience with them previously

**Community submitted issues**

- Financial reports
  - Financial report isn’t comprehensive - many sponsors and assets are missing
  - We need a bank statement-style spreadsheet of all money in and out
  - We can also use GitHub project to keep track of money due and owed

- Concerns about ethics of big name corporate sponsors
  - Currently we have a mix of grassroots and big names
  - We need sponsorship from Amazon, Bloomberg etc, they provide much of our funding
  - We can’t afford to let them go, but will try to have local companies too
